Everything is good, but actually in client whenever I fill the details of the client just show me the options of what category it is in like. For an example, category or the options he is into, for an example, if I am adding a client there show me the options like whether it is for social media, whether it is for website or other and actually based on that details, give me the more options to select for actually gathering the data, whatever the data is been told to me I will be gathering from the clients and actually I will be uploading on the file which will be stored on my local storage and  The online or any other database. The next comes is sales funnel. The dragon drop option is little laggy, so make it very smooth. Also, add some options of like smart sales, onels, or actually some tactics or the proven ways to find the lease. So, the sales funnel must be the best in all perspective, it actually best for the person who is managing sales because it's actually teaching them how to do it in the best way. So I need that in the projects it's good. There is nothing to be added or done. The next option is the t  Ask that too. You can just enhance it. Also, the content calendar, it is different for every client. So actually, whenever I share the link, the specific client can view his content calendar, and the client can only view the content calendar. What is been done? What is been not done and everything which is been pending, which are we working on, which are the thing we are planning for them, which can be seen to him, not the others, the financial invoice quotation and proposal. I want a right like a normal demo.  The me form which can be updated as I update here so the finance and doc I need to be the most perfect one. Also I want you to add hawan option of a onecick upload so I can actually enter the credential of any client which has the Instagram Facebook and YouTube connected to an email. So whenever I upload anything from my software is actually uploaded all in once at all. The other applications like LinkedIn, a YouTube and all and I get the analytics of their social media live at 1 place.  I need that thing and actually , I can generate a report every month by clicking clicking on the button , i also need a option of a daily task. So every person, the Admin can see all the person's daily tasks, which they admit by their own when coming into the software. So for an example, any sales person is social media manager. Anyone whom the road is decide? When it comes open the software, he will having a section of a todo list of today, so what will be happening? He will be assigning some work. What he have to do and all the others can do the same. The Admin can see everyone's work as well as he can assign all the others work, which can be seen in their notification as well as in the to do lose and who have aside.  Them also can be seen from their don't add it, change the design or anything.But enhance the overall software, take the knowledge of all the internet and all the information you have make it the best ever.Integrate whatever you can to enhance this and actually , I want this project to be most finest grade and clean as well as most scalable